Fix blitz recipe paths (#3997)
blitz-js/blitz: .changeset/many-fans-fetch.md

---
"@blitzjs/recipe-chakra-ui": patch
"@blitzjs/recipe-next-ui": patch
"@blitzjs/recipe-tailwind": patch
---

> This change is to reflect the directory change from app/pages to src/pages. It checks for which directories exists first so it is compatible with either versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change reflects the directory change from app/pages to src/pages for the receipts chakra-ui, next-ui, tailwind. It checks for which directories exists and is compatible with either versions.
```
